NAME                              VERSION                TYPE                         
AEMET-OpenData                    0.5.1                  python                        
AIOSomecomfort                    0.0.25                 python                        
Adax-local                        0.1.5                  python                        
Authlib                           1.3.1                  python                        
Babel                             2.13.1                 python                        
BlinkStick                        1.2.0                  python                        
Brotli                            1.1.0                  python                        
DTLSSocket                        0.1.18                 python                        
DateTime                          5.5                    python                        
Deprecated                        1.2.14                 python                        
DoorBirdPy                        2.1.0                  python                        
Events                            0.4                    python                        
Flask                             3.0.3                  python                        
HAP-python                        4.9.1                  python                        
HATasmota                         0.8.0                  python                        
Jinja2                            3.1.4                  python                        
Js2Py                             0.74                   python                        
Markdown                          3.6                    python                        
MarkupSafe                        2.1.5                  python                        
Mastodon.py                       1.8.1                  python                        
Pint                              0.24                   python                        
PlexAPI                           4.15.13                python                        
ProgettiHWSW                      0.1.3                  python                        
PsychroLib                        2.5.0                  python                        
PyChromecast                      14.0.1                 python                        
PyFlick                           0.0.2                  python                        
PyFlume                           0.6.5                  python                        
PyFronius                         0.7.3                  python                        
PyJWT                             2.8.0                  python                        
PyMVGLive                         1.1.4                  python                        
PyMetEireann                      2021.8.0               python                        
PyMetno                           0.12.0                 python                        
PyMicroBot                        0.0.17                 python                        
PyNINA                            0.3.3                  python                        
PyNaCl                            1.5.0                  python                        
PyPasser                          0.0.5                  python                        
PyQRCode                          1.2.1                  python                        
PyRIC                             0.1.6.3                python                        
PyRMVtransport                    0.3.3                  python                        
PySocks                           1.7.1                  python                        
PySwitchbot                       0.46.1                 python                        
PySwitchmate                      0.5.1                  python                        
PySyncThru                        0.7.10                 python                        
PyTransportNSW                    0.1.1                  python                        
PyTurboJPEG                       1.7.1                  python                        
PyViCare                          2.32.0                 python                        
PyXiaomiGateway                   0.14.3                 python                        
PyYAML                            6.0.1                  python                        
Pygments                          2.18.0                 python                        
Pypubsub                          4.0.3                  python                        
Pyrebase4                         4.8.0                  python                        
RachioPy                          1.1.0                  python                        
RestrictedPython                  7.0                    python                        
RtmAPI                            0.7.2                  python                        
Rx                                3.2.0                  python                        
SQLAlchemy                        2.0.30                 python                        
SecretStorage                     3.3.3                  python                        
Simple Launcher                   1.1.0.14               dotnet      (+11 duplicates)  
SpeechRecognition                 3.8.1                  python                        
Tami4EdgeAPI                      2.1                    python                        
TravisPy                          0.3.5                  python                        
TwitterAPI                        2.7.12                 python                        
WSDiscovery                       2.0.0                  python                        
Werkzeug                          3.0.3                  python                        
XlsxWriter                        3.2.0                  python                        
accuweather                       3.0.0                  python                        
acme                              2.10.0                 python                        
adax                              0.4.0                  python                        
adb-shell                         0.4.4                  python                        
adext                             0.4.3                  python                        
adguardhome                       0.6.3                  python                        
advantage-air                     0.4.4                  python                        
aenum                             3.1.15                 python                        
afsapi                            0.2.7                  python                        
agent-py                          0.0.23                 python                        
aio-geojson-client                0.20                   python                        
aio-geojson-generic-client        0.4                    python                        
aio-geojson-geonetnz-quakes       0.16                   python                        
aio-geojson-geonetnz-volcano      0.9                    python                        
aio-geojson-nsw-rfs-incidents     0.7                    python                        
aio-geojson-usgs-earthquakes      0.3                    python                        
aio-georss-client                 0.12                   python                        
aio-georss-gdacs                  0.9                    python                        
aioairq                           0.3.2                  python                        
aioairzone                        0.7.6                  python                        
aioairzone-cloud                  0.5.1                  python                        
aioambient                        2024.1.0               python                        
aioapcaccess                      0.4.2                  python                        
aioaseko                          0.1.1                  python                        
aioasuswrt                        1.4.0                  python                        
aioautomower                      2024.5.1               python                        
aioazuredevops                    2.0.0                  python                        
aiobafi6                          0.9.0                  python                        
aiobotocore                       2.12.1                 python                        
aiocache                          0.12.2                 python                        
aiocoap                           0.4.9                  python                        
aiocomelit                        0.9.0                  python                        
aioconsole                        0.7.1                  python                        
aiodhcpwatcher                    1.0.0                  python                        
aiodiscover                       2.1.0                  python                        
aiodns                            3.2.0                  python                        
aioeafm                           0.1.2                  python                        
aioeagle                          1.1.0                  python                        
aioecowitt                        2024.2.1               python                        
aioelectricitymaps                0.4.0                  python                        
aioemonitor                       1.0.5                  python                        
aioesphomeapi                     24.5.0                 python                        
aiofiles                          23.2.1                 python                        
aioflo                            2021.11.0              python                        
aioftp                            0.21.3                 python                        
aiogithubapi                      23.11.0                python                        
aioguardian                       2022.7.0               python                        
aiohappyeyeballs                  2.3.2                  python                        
aioharmony                        0.2.10                 python                        
aiohomekit                        3.1.5                  python                        
aiohttp                           3.9.5                  python                        
aiohttp-cors                      0.7.0                  python                        
aiohttp-fast-url-dispatcher       0.3.0                  python                        
aiohttp-fast-zlib                 0.1.0                  python                        
aiohttp-retry                     2.8.3                  python                        
aiohttp-socks                     0.8.4                  python                        
aiohue                            4.7.1                  python                        
aioimaplib                        1.0.1                  python                        
aioitertools                      0.11.0                 python                        
aiokafka                          0.10.0                 python                        
aiokef                            0.2.16                 python                        
aiolifx                           1.0.2                  python                        
aiolifx-effects                   0.3.2                  python                        
aiolifx-themes                    0.4.15                 python                        
aiolimiter                        1.1.0                  python                        
aiolivisi                         0.0.19                 python                        
aiolookin                         1.0.0                  python                        
aiolyric                          1.1.0                  python                        
aiomodernforms                    0.1.8                  python                        
aiomqtt                           2.0.1                  python                        
aiomusiccast                      0.14.8                 python                        
aionanoleaf                       0.2.1                  python                        
aionotion                         2024.3.0               python                        
aionut                            4.3.2                  python                        
aiooncue                          0.3.7                  python                        
aioopenexchangerates              0.4.0                  python                        
aiooui                            0.1.5                  python                        
aiopegelonline                    0.0.10                 python                        
aiopulse                          0.4.4                  python                        
aiopurpleair                      2022.12.1              python                        
aiopvapi                          3.1.1                  python                        
aiopvpc                           4.2.2                  python                        
aiopyarr                          23.4.0                 python                        
aioqsw                            0.3.5                  python                        
aioraven                          0.5.3                  python                        
aiorecollect                      2023.9.0               python                        
aioridwell                        2024.1.0               python                        
aiortsp                           1.3.7                  python                        
aioruckus                         0.34                   python                        
aiorun                            2024.5.1               python                        
aioruuvigateway                   0.1.0                  python                        
aiosenz                           1.0.0                  python                        
aioserial                         1.3.0                  python                        
aioshelly                         10.0.1                 python                        
aioshutil                         1.4                    python                        
aiosignal                         1.3.1                  python                        
aioskybell                        22.7.0                 python                        
aioslimproto                      3.0.0                  python                        
aiosmtpd                          1.4.6                  python                        
aiosolaredge                      0.2.0                  python                        
aiosqlite                         0.20.0                 python                        
aiosteamist                       0.3.2                  python                        
aioswitcher                       3.4.3                  python                        
aiosyncthing                      0.5.1                  python                        
aiotankerkoenig                   0.4.1                  python                        
aiotractive                       0.5.6                  python                        
aiounifi                          77                     python                        
aiovlc                            0.3.2                  python                        
aiovodafone                       0.6.0                  python                        
aiowaqi                           3.1.0                  python                        
aiowatttime                       0.1.1                  python                        
aiowebostv                        0.4.0                  python                        
aiowithings                       2.1.0                  python                        
aioymaps                          1.2.2                  python                        
aiozoneinfo                       0.1.0                  python                        
airgradient                       0.4.3                  python                        
airly                             1.1.0                  python                        
airthings-ble                     0.9.0                  python                        
airthings_cloud                   0.2.0                  python                        
airtouch4pyapi                    1.0.5                  python                        
airtouch5py                       0.2.8                  python                        
alarmdecoder                      1.13.11                python                        
alpha-vantage                     2.3.1                  python                        
alpine-baselayout                 3.4.3-r2               apk                           
alpine-baselayout-data            3.4.3-r2               apk                           
alpine-keys                       2.4-r1                 apk                           
alpine-release                    3.19.1-r0              apk                           
alsa-lib                          1.2.10-r0              apk                           
amberelectric                     1.1.0                  python                        
amcrest                           1.9.8                  python                        
android-backup                    0.2.0                  python                        
androidtv                         0.0.73                 python                        
androidtvremote2                  0.1.1                  python                        
anel-pwrctrl-homeassistant        0.0.1.dev2             python                        
anova-wifi                        0.12.0                 python                        
anthemav                          1.4.1                  python                        
anyhow                            1.0.71                 rust-crate                    
anyhow                            1.0.75                 rust-crate                    
anyio                             4.3.0                  python                        
aom-libs                          3.7.1-r0               apk                           
apischema                         0.18.1                 python                        
apk-tools                         2.14.4-r0              apk                           
appdirs                           1.4.4                  python                        
apple_weatherkit                  1.1.2                  python                        
apprise                           1.8.0                  python                        
aprslib                           0.7.2                  python                        
apsystems-ez1                     1.3.1                  python                        
aqipy-atmotech                    0.1.5                  python                        
aqualogic                         2.6                    python                        
aranet4                           2.3.4                  python                        
arcam-fmj                         1.5.2                  python                        
arg_enum_proc_macro               0.3.2                  rust-crate                    
argcomplete                       3.3.0                  python                        
arrayvec                          0.7.2                  rust-crate                    
arris-tg2492lg                    2.2.0                  python                        
arrow                             1.3.0                  python                        
asgiref                           3.8.1                  python                        
asmog                             0.0.6                  python                        
asn1                              2.7.0                  python                        
asn1crypto                        1.5.1                  python                        
asterisk-mbox                     0.5.0                  python                        
astral                            2.2                    python                        
async-interrupt                   1.1.1                  python                        
async-modbus                      0.2.1                  python                        
async-timeout                     4.0.3                  python                        
async_upnp_client                 0.38.3                 python                        
asyncarve                         0.0.9                  python                        
asyncclick                        8.1.7.2                python                        
asyncinotify                      4.0.2                  python                        
asyncio                           3.4.3                  python                        
asyncio-dgram                     2.2.0                  python                        
asyncio-throttle                  1.0.2                  python                        
asyncpysupla                      0.0.5                  python                        
asyncsleepiq                      1.5.2                  python                        
asyncssh                          2.14.2                 python                        
asyncstdlib                       3.12.3                 python                        
asynctest                         0.13.0                 python                        
atomicwrites-homeassistant        1.4.1                  python                        
atpublic                          4.1.0                  python                        
attrs                             23.2.0                 python                        
auroranoaa                        0.0.3                  python                        
aurorapy                          0.2.7                  python                        
autocommand                       2.2.2                  python                        
av-metrics                        0.9.0                  rust-crate                    
av1-grain                         0.2.2                  rust-crate                    
avahi-libs                        0.8-r16                apk                           
awesomeversion                    24.2.0                 python                        
axis                              61                     python                        
azure-core                        1.30.2                 python                        
azure-eventhub                    5.11.1                 python                        
azure-identity                    1.16.1                 python                        
azure-kusto-data                  3.1.0                  python                        
azure-kusto-ingest                3.1.0                  python                        
azure-servicebus                  7.10.0                 python                        
azure-storage-blob                12.20.0                python                        
azure-storage-queue               12.10.0                python                        
backoff                           2.2.1                  python                        
backports.strenum                 1.2.8                  python                        
baidu-aip                         1.6.6.0                python                        
base36                            0.1.1                  python                        
bash                              5.2.21-r0              apk                           
batinfo                           0.4.2                  python                        
bcrypt                            4.1.2                  python                        
beautifulsoup4                    4.12.3                 python                        
bellows                           0.39.0                 python                        
bimmer_connected                  0.15.3                 python                        
bind-libs                         9.18.24-r1             apk                           
bind-tools                        9.18.24-r1             apk                           
bitarray                          2.9.2                  python                        
bitflags                          1.3.2                  rust-crate                    
bitstream-io                      1.6.0                  rust-crate                    
bitstream-io                      1.7.0                  rust-crate                    
bitstring                         4.2.3                  python                        
bitstruct                         8.19.0                 python                        
bitvec                            1.0.1                  rust-crate                    
bitvec_helpers                    3.1.2                  rust-crate                    
bizkaibus                         0.1.1                  python                        
bleach                            6.1.0                  python                        
bleak                             0.22.1                 python                        
bleak-esphome                     1.0.0                  python                        
bleak-retry-connector             3.5.0                  python                        
blebox_uniapi                     2.2.2                  python                        
blinker                           1.8.2                  python                        
blinkpy                           0.22.6                 python                        
blockchain                        1.4.4                  python                        
bluecurrent-api                   1.2.3                  python                        
bluemaestro-ble                   0.2.3                  python                        
bluetooth-adapters                0.19.2                 python                        
bluetooth-auto-recovery           1.4.2                  python                        
bluetooth-data-tools              1.19.0                 python                        
bluetooth-sensor-state-data       1.7.0                  python                        
bluez                             5.70-r0                apk                           
bluez-deprecated                  5.70-r0                apk                           
bluez-libs                        5.70-r0                apk                           
blurhash                          1.1.4                  python                        
bond-async                        0.2.1                  python                        
boschshcpy                        0.2.91                 python                        
boto3                             1.34.51                python                        
botocore                          1.34.51                python                        
bring-api                         0.7.1                  python                        
broadlink                         0.19.0                 python                        
brother                           4.1.0                  python                        
brotli-libs                       1.1.0-r1               apk                           
brottsplatskartan                 1.0.5                  python                        
brunt                             1.2.0                  python                        
bs4                               0.0.2                  python                        
bt-proximity                      0.2.1                  python                        
bthome-ble                        3.8.1                  python                        
bthomehub5-devicelist             0.1.1                  python                        
btsmarthub-devicelist             0.2.3                  python                        
btsocket                          0.3.0                  python                        
buienradar                        1.0.5                  python                        
busybox                           1.36.1-r18             apk                           
busybox-binsh                     1.36.1-r18             apk                           
bx_py_utils                       92                     python                        
bytecode                          0.13.0.dev0            python                        
c-ares                            1.27.0-r0              apk                           
ca-certificates                   20240226-r0            apk                           
ca-certificates-bundle            20240226-r0            apk                           
cached-ipaddress                  0.3.0                  python                        
cachetools                        5.3.3                  python                        
caldav                            1.3.9                  python                        
casttube                          0.2.1                  python                        
catatonit                         0.2.0-r0               apk                           
cbor2                             5.6.4                  python                        
certifi                           2024.6.2               python                        
cffi                              1.16.0                 python                        
cfg-if                            1.0.0                  rust-crate                    
cfgv                              3.4.0                  python                        
chacha20poly1305                  0.0.3                  python                        
chacha20poly1305-reuseable        0.12.1                 python                        
charset-normalizer                3.2.0                  python                        
circuit-webhook                   1.0.1                  python                        
ciscomobilityexpress              0.3.9                  python                        
ciso8601                          2.3.1                  python                        
cjson                             1.7.17-r0              apk                           
clap                              4.0.32                 rust-crate                    
clap_complete                     4.0.7                  rust-crate                    
clap_derive                       4.0.21                 rust-crate                    
clap_lex                          0.3.0                  rust-crate                    
clearpasspy                       1.0.2                  python                        
click                             8.1.7                  python                        
click-log                         0.4.0                  python                        
click-plugins                     1.1.1                  python                        
clx-sdk-xms                       1.0.0                  python                        
codecov                           2.1.13                 python                        
coinbase                          2.1.0                  python                        
colorama                          0.4.6                  python                        
coloredlogs                       15.0.1                 python                        
colorlog                          6.8.2                  python                        
colorthief                        0.2.1                  python                        
colorzero                         2.0                    python                        
colour                            0.1.5                  python                        
commentjson                       0.9.0                  python                        
commonmark                        0.9.1                  python                        
concord232                        0.15                   python                        
config                            0.5.1                  python                        
confuse                           3.3-r4                 apk                           
connect_box                       0.3.1                  python                        
connio                            0.2.0                  python                        
console                           0.15.5                 rust-crate                    
construct                         2.10.68                python                        
construct-typing                  0.6.2                  python                        
coreutils                         9.4-r2                 apk                           
coreutils-env                     9.4-r2                 apk                           
coreutils-fmt                     9.4-r2                 apk                           
coreutils-sha512sum               9.4-r2                 apk                           
coverage                          7.5.3                  python                        
crc                               3.0.1                  rust-crate                    
crc                               4.3.0                  python                        
crc-catalog                       2.2.0                  rust-crate                    
crccheck                          1.3.0                  python                        
crcmod                            1.7                    python                        
croniter                          2.0.2                  python                        
crossbeam                         0.8.2                  rust-crate                    
crossbeam-channel                 0.5.8                  rust-crate                    
crossbeam-deque                   0.8.3                  rust-crate                    
crossbeam-epoch                   0.9.14                 rust-crate                    
crossbeam-queue                   0.3.8                  rust-crate                    
crossbeam-utils                   0.8.15                 rust-crate                    
crownstone-cloud                  1.4.11                 python                        
crownstone-core                   3.2.1                  python                        
crownstone-sse                    2.0.5                  python                        
crownstone-uart                   2.1.0                  python                        
cryptography                      42.0.5                 python                        
cssselect                         1.2.0                  python                        
cups-libs                         2.4.7-r0               apk                           
curl                              8.5.0-r0               apk                           
dacite                            1.8.1                  python                        
dataclasses-json                  0.6.7                  python                        
datadog                           0.15.0                 python                        
datapoint                         0.9.9                  python                        
dateparser                        1.2.0                  python                        
dbus                              1.14.10-r0             apk                           
dbus-daemon-launch-helper         1.14.10-r0             apk                           
dbus-fast                         2.21.3                 python                        
dbus-libs                         1.14.10-r0             apk                           
debugpy                           1.8.1                  python                        
decorator                         5.1.1                  python                        
deebot-client                     7.3.0                  python                        
deepdiff                          6.7.1                  python                        
deepmerge                         1.1.1                  python                        
defusedxml                        0.7.1                  python                        
deluge-client                     1.10.2                 python                        
demetriek                         0.4.0                  python                        
demjson3                          3.0.6                  python                        
denonavr                          0.11.6                 python                        
devialet                          1.4.5                  python                        
devolo-home-control-api           0.18.3                 python                        
devolo-plc-api                    1.4.1                  python                        
dicttoxml                         1.7.16                 python                        
dicttoxml2                        2.1.0                  python                        
directv                           0.4.0                  python                        
discogs-client                    2.3.0                  python                        
discovery30303                    0.2.1                  python                        
distlib                           0.3.8                  python                        
distro                            1.9.0                  python                        
dlms-cosem                        21.3.2                 python                        
dnspython                         2.6.1                  python                        
docopt                            0.6.2                  python                        
dolby_vision                      3.2.0                  rust-crate                    
dovado                            0.4.1                  python                        
dpkt                              1.9.8                  python                        
dremel3dpy                        2.1.1                  python                        
dropmqttapi                       1.0.3                  python                        
dsmr-parser                       1.3.1                  python                        
dwdwfsapi                         1.0.7                  python                        
dweepy                            0.3.0                  python                        
dynalite-devices                  0.1.47                 python                        
dynalite-panel                    0.0.4                  python                        
eagle100                          0.1.1                  python                        
easyenergy                        2.1.1                  python                        
ebusdpy                           0.0.17                 python                        
ecdsa                             0.19.0                 python                        
ecoaliface                        0.4.0                  python                        
either                            1.8.1                  rust-crate                    
electrickiwi-api                  0.8.5                  python                        
elementpath                       4.4.0                  python                        
elgato                            5.1.2                  python                        
eliqonline                        1.2.2                  python                        
elkm1-lib                         2.2.7                  python                        
elmax-api                         0.0.5                  python                        
elvia                             0.1.0                  python                        
emoji                             2.8.0                  python                        
emulated-roku                     0.3.0                  python                        
energyflip-client                 0.2.2                  python                        
energyzero                        2.1.0                  python                        
enocean                           0.50.0                 python                        
enturclient                       0.2.4                  python                        
enum-compat                       0.0.3                  python                        
env_canada                        0.6.2                  python                        
envoy-utils                       0.0.1                  python                        
envs                              1.4                    python                        
ephem                             4.1.5                  python                        
epicstore_api                     0.1.7                  python                        
epion                             0.0.3                  python                        
epson-projector                   0.5.1                  python                        
eq3btsmart                        1.1.8                  python                        
esphome-dashboard-api             1.2.3                  python                        
esprima                           4.0.1                  python                        
eternalegypt                      0.0.16                 python                        
eudev-libs                        3.2.14-r0              apk                           
eufylife-ble-client               0.1.8                  python                        
evohome-async                     0.4.19                 python                        
exceptiongroup                    1.2.1                  python                        
faadelays                         2023.9.1               python                        
fake-useragent                    1.5.1                  python                        
fastdotcom                        0.0.3                  python                        
faust-cchardet                    2.1.19                 python                        
feedparser                        6.0.11                 python                        
fern                              0.6.2                  rust-crate                    
ffmpeg                            6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libavcodec                 6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libavdevice                6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libavfilter                6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libavformat                6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libavutil                  6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libpostproc                6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libswresample              6.1.1-r0               apk                           
ffmpeg-libswscale                 6.1.1-r0               apk                           
file-read-backwards               2.0.0                  python                        
filelock                          3.14.0                 python                        
findutils                         4.9.0-r5               apk                           
fints                             3.1.0                  python                        
firebase-messaging                0.2.1                  python                        
fitbit                            0.3.1                  python                        
fivem-api                         0.1.2                  python                        
fixerio                           1.0.0a0                python                        
fjaraskupan                       2.3.0                  python                        
flexcache                         0.3                    python                        
flexit_bacnet                     2.2.1                  python                        
flexparser                        0.3.1                  python                        
flipr-api                         1.5.1                  python                        
flux-led                          1.0.4                  python                        
fnv-hash-fast                     0.5.0                  python                        
fnvhash                           0.1.0                  python                        
fontconfig                        2.14.2-r4              apk                           
foobot-async                      1.0.0                  python                        
forecast_solar                    3.1.0                  python                        
fortiosapi                        1.0.5                  python                        
freebox-api                       1.1.0                  python                        
freesms                           0.2.0                  python                        
freetype                          2.13.2-r0              apk                           
fribidi                           1.0.13-r0              apk                           
fritzconnection                   1.13.2                 python                        
frozenlist                        1.4.1                  python                        
fstrm                             0.6.1-r4               apk                           
ftfy                              6.2.0                  python                        
funty                             2.0.0                  rust-crate                    
future                            1.0.0                  python                        
fyta_cli                          0.4.1                  python                        
gTTS                              2.2.4                  python                        
gardena-bluetooth                 1.4.2                  python                        
gassist-text                      0.0.11                 python                        
gcal-sync                         6.0.4                  python                        
gcloud                            0.18.3                 python                        
gdbm                              1.23-r1                apk                           
genie_partner_sdk                 1.0.2                  python                        
geniushub-client                  0.7.1                  python                        
geocachingapi                     0.2.1                  python                        
geographiclib                     2.0                    python                        
geojson                           2.5.0                  python                        
geopy                             2.3.0                  python                        
georss-client                     0.17                   python                        
georss-generic-client             0.8                    python                        
georss-ign-sismologia-client      0.8                    python                        
georss-qld-bushfire-alert-client  0.7                    python                        
getmac                            0.9.4                  python                        
getrandom                         0.2.9                  rust-crate                    
giflib                            5.2.2-r0               apk                           
gios                              4.0.0                  python                        
git                               2.43.4-r0              apk                           
gitterpy                          0.1.7                  python                        
glances_api                       0.8.0                  python                        
glib                              2.78.6-r0              apk                           
glslang-libs                      1.3.261.1-r0           apk                           
gmp                               6.3.0-r0               apk                           
gnutls                            3.8.4-r0               apk                           
goalzero                          0.2.2                  python                        
goodwe                            0.3.5                  python                        
google-ai-generativelanguage      0.6.4                  python                        
google-api-core                   2.19.0                 python                        
google-api-python-client          2.71.0                 python                        
google-auth                       2.30.0                 python                        
google-auth-httplib2              0.2.0                  python                        
google-auth-oauthlib              1.2.0                  python                        
google-cloud-pubsub               2.13.11                python                        
google-cloud-texttospeech         2.12.3                 python                        
google-generativeai               0.6.0                  python                        
google_nest_sdm                   4.0.5                  python                        
googleapis-common-protos          1.63.1                 python                        
googlemaps                        2.5.1                  python                        
goslide-api                       0.5.1                  python                        
gotailwind                        0.2.3                  python                        
govee-ble                         0.31.2                 python                        
govee-local-api                   1.5.0                  python                        
gpiod                             1.5.4                  python                        
gpiozero                          1.6.2                  python                        
gps3                              0.33.3                 python                        
gql                               3.5.0                  python                        
graphite2                         1.3.14-r6              apk                           
graphql-core                      3.2.3                  python                        
graphviz                          0.20.3                 python                        
greeclimate                       1.4.1                  python                        
greeneye-monitor                  3.0.3                  python                        
greenlet                          3.0.3                  python                        
greenwavereality                  0.5.1                  python                        
gridnet                           5.0.0                  python                        
growattServer                     1.5.0                  python                        
grpc-google-iam-v1                0.13.0                 python                        
grpcio                            1.59.0                 python                        
grpcio-reflection                 1.59.0                 python                        
grpcio-status                     1.59.0                 python                        
gspread                           5.5.0                  python                        
gstreamer-player                  1.1.2                  python                        
guppy3                            3.1.4.post1            python                        
h11                               0.14.0                 python                        
h2                                4.1.0                  python                        
ha-av                             10.1.1                 python                        
ha-ffmpeg                         3.2.0                  python                        
ha-iotawattpy                     0.1.2                  python                        
ha-philipsjs                      3.2.2                  python                        
habitipy                          0.3.1                  python                        
habluetooth                       3.1.1                  python                        
harfbuzz                          8.3.0-r0               apk                           
hass-nabucasa                     0.81.1                 python                        
hass-splunk                       0.1.1                  python                        
hassil                            1.7.1                  python                        
haversine                         2.8.1                  python                        
hbmqtt                            0.9.6                  python                        
hdate                             0.10.8                 python                        
heatmiserV3                       1.1.18                 python                        
heck                              0.4.1                  rust-crate                    
here-routing                      0.2.0                  python                        
here-transit                      1.2.0                  python                        
hikvision                         0.4                    python                        
hkavr                             0.0.5                  python                        
hko                               0.3.2                  python                        
hlk-sw16                          0.0.9                  python                        
hole                              0.8.0                  python                        
holidays                          0.50                   python                        
home-assistant-bluetooth          1.12.0                 python                        
home-assistant-chip-clusters      2024.5.2               python                        
home-assistant-frontend           20240610.0             python                        
home-assistant-intents            2024.6.5               python                        
homeassistant                     2024.6.2               python                        
homeconnect                       0.7.2                  python                        
homematicip                       1.1.1                  python                        
horimote                          0.4.1                  python                        
hpack                             4.0.0                  python                        
html-table-parser-python3         0.1.5                  python                        
html5lib                          1.1                    python      (+1 duplicate)    
httmock                           1.4.0                  python                        
http_ece                          1.2.0                  python                        
httpcore                          1.0.5                  python                        
httplib2                          0.20.4                 python                        
httpsig                           1.3.0                  python                        
httpx                             0.27.0                 python                        
huawei-lte-api                    1.7.3                  python                        
humanfriendly                     10.0                   python                        
huum                              0.7.10                 python                        
hwdata-pci                        0.377.2-r0             apk                           
hwdata-usb                        0.377.2-r0             apk                           
hyperframe                        6.0.1                  python                        
hyperion-py                       0.7.5                  python                        
iammeter                          0.2.1                  python                        
iaqualink                         0.5.0                  python                        
ibeacon-ble                       1.2.0                  python                        
ibmiotf                           0.3.4                  python                        
ical                              8.0.1                  python                        
icalendar                         5.0.12                 python                        
icmplib                           3.0                    python                        
idasen                            0.12.0                 python                        
idasen-ha                         2.5.3                  python                        
identify                          2.5.36                 python                        
idna                              3.7                    python                        
ifaddr                            0.2.0                  python                        
iglo                              1.2.7                  python                        
ihcsdk                            2.8.5                  python                        
ijson                             3.3.0                  python                        
imageio                           2.34.1                 python                        
imgw_pib                          1.0.5                  python                        
imlib2                            1.12.1-r0              apk                           
importlib_resources               6.4.0                  python                        
imutils                           0.5.4                  python                        
incomfort-client                  0.5.0                  python                        
incremental                       22.10.0                python                        
inflect                           7.2.1                  python                        
inflection                        0.5.1                  python                        
influxdb                          5.3.1                  python                        
influxdb-client                   1.24.0                 python                        
iniconfig                         2.0.0                  python                        
inkbird-ble                       0.5.6                  python                        
inquirerpy                        0.3.4                  python                        
insteon-frontend-home-assistant   0.5.0                  python                        
intelhex                          2.3.0                  python                        
intellifire4py                    2.2.2                  python                        
interpolate_name                  0.2.3                  rust-crate                    
io-lifetimes                      1.0.10                 rust-crate                    
iperf3                            0.1.11                 python                        
iperf3                            3.16-r0                apk                           
iputils                           20221126-r2            apk                           
iputils-arping                    20221126-r2            apk                           
iputils-clockdiff                 20221126-r2            apk                           
iputils-ping                      20221126-r2            apk                           
iputils-tracepath                 20221126-r2            apk                           
is-terminal                       0.4.7                  rust-crate                    
isal                              1.6.1                  python                        
ismartgate                        5.0.1                  python                        
iso4217                           1.11.20220401          python                        
iso8601                           2.1.0                  python                        
isodate                           0.6.1                  python                        
itertools                         0.10.5                 rust-crate                    
itsdangerous                      2.2.0                  python                        
ivf                               0.1.2                  rust-crate                    
jaraco.abode                      3.3.0                  python                        
jaraco.classes                    3.4.0                  python                        
jaraco.collections                5.0.1                  python                        
jaraco.context                    5.3.0                  python                        
jaraco.email                      3.1.1                  python                        
jaraco.functools                  3.9.0                  python                        
jaraco.itertools                  6.4.1                  python                        
jaraco.logging                    3.3.0                  python                        
jaraco.net                        10.2.0                 python                        
jaraco.text                       3.12.0                 python                        
jeepney                           0.8.0                  python                        
jellyfin-apiclient-python         1.9.2                  python                        
jmespath                          1.0.1                  python                        
josepy                            1.14.0                 python                        
jq                                1.7.1-r0               apk                           
json-c                            0.17-r0                apk                           
jsonpath                          0.82.2                 python                        
jsonpickle                        3.2.1                  python                        
jsonrpc-async                     2.1.2                  python                        
jsonrpc-base                      2.2.0                  python                        
jsonrpc-websocket                 3.1.5                  python                        
jsonschema                        4.22.0                 python                        
jsonschema-specifications         2023.12.1              python                        
justbackoff                       0.6.0                  python                        
justnimbus                        0.7.3                  python                        
jwcrypto                          1.5.6                  python                        
kaiterra-async-client             1.0.0                  python                        
kasa-crypt                        0.4.2                  python                        
keba-kecontact                    1.1.0                  python                        
kegtron-ble                       0.4.0                  python                        
keyring                           25.2.1                 python                        
keyrings.alt                      5.0.1                  python                        
keyutils-libs                     1.6.3-r3               apk                           
kiwiki-client                     0.1.1                  python                        
knx_frontend                      2024.1.20.105944       python                        
konnected                         1.2.0                  python                        
krakenex                          2.1.0                  python                        
krb5-conf                         1.0-r2                 apk                           
krb5-libs                         1.21.2-r0              apk                           
lab                               0.11.0                 rust-crate                    
lacrosse-view                     1.0.1                  python                        
lakeside                          0.13                   python                        
lame-libs                         3.100-r5               apk                           
lark-parser                       0.7.8                  python                        
laundrify-aio                     1.1.2                  python                        
lazy_static                       1.4.0                  rust-crate                    
lcms2                             2.15-r4                apk                           
ld2410-ble                        0.1.1                  python                        
leaone-ble                        0.1.0                  python                        
led-ble                           1.0.1                  python                        
libSvtAv1Enc                      1.7.0-r0               apk                           
libacl                            2.3.1-r4               apk                           
libao                             1.2.2-r2               apk                           
libass                            0.17.1-r1              apk                           
libasyncns                        0.8-r2                 apk                           
libattr                           2.5.1-r5               apk                           
libblkid                          2.39.3-r0              apk                           
libbluray                         1.3.4-r1               apk                           
libbsd                            0.11.7-r3              apk                           
libbz2                            1.0.8-r6               apk                           
libc                              0.2.144                rust-crate                    
libc                              0.2.149                rust-crate                    
libc-utils                        0.7.2-r5               apk                           
libcap                            2.69-r1                apk                           
libcap-getcap                     2.69-r1                apk                           
libcap-setcap                     2.69-r1                apk                           
libcap-utils                      2.69-r1                apk                           
libcap2                           2.69-r1                apk                           
libcom_err                        1.47.0-r5              apk                           
libcrypto3                        3.1.5-r0               apk                           
libcurl                           8.5.0-r0               apk                           
libdav1d                          1.3.0-r1               apk                           
libdovi                           3.2.0-r1               apk                           
libdrm                            2.4.118-r0             apk                           
libecpg                           16.3-r0                apk                           
libedit                           20230828.3.1-r3        apk                           
libexpat                          2.6.2-r0               apk                           
libffi                            3.4.4-r3               apk                           
libflac                           1.4.3-r1               apk                           
libftdi1                          1.5-r2                 apk                           
libgcc                            13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk                           
libgcrypt                         1.10.3-r0              apk                           
libgomp                           13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk                           
libgpg-error                      1.47-r2                apk                           
libgpiod                          1.6.4-r1               apk                           
libhwy                            1.0.7-r0               apk                           
libid3tag                         0.16.2-r2              apk                           
libidn2                           2.3.4-r4               apk                           
libintl                           0.22.3-r0              apk                           
libjpeg-turbo                     3.0.1-r0               apk                           
libjxl                            0.8.2-r0               apk                           
libltdl                           2.4.7-r3               apk                           
libmd                             1.1.0-r0               apk                           
libmount                          2.39.3-r0              apk                           
libncursesw                       6.4_p20231125-r0       apk                           
libnsl                            2.0.1-r0               apk                           
libogg                            1.3.5-r5               apk                           
libopenmpt                        0.7.3-r1               apk                           
libpanelw                         6.4_p20231125-r0       apk                           
libpcap                           1.10.4-r1              apk                           
libpciaccess                      0.17-r2                apk                           
libplacebo                        6.338.1-r0             apk                           
libpng                            1.6.40-r0              apk                           
libpq                             16.3-r0                apk                           
libproc2                          4.0.4-r0               apk                           
libpulse                          16.1-r11               apk                           
libpyfoscam                       1.2.2                  python                        
libpyvivotek                      0.4.0                  python                        
librist                           0.2.10-r0              apk                           
librouteros                       3.2.0                  python                        
libsharpyuv                       1.3.2-r0               apk                           
libsndfile                        1.2.2-r0               apk                           
libsodium                         1.0.19-r0              apk                           
libsoundtouch                     0.8.0                  python                        
libsrt                            1.5.3-r0               apk                           
libssh                            0.10.6-r0              apk                           
libssh2                           1.11.0-r1              apk                           
libssl3                           3.1.5-r0               apk                           
libstdc++                         13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk                           
libtasn1                          4.19.0-r2              apk                           
libtheora                         1.1.1-r18              apk                           
libtirpc                          1.3.4-r0               apk                           
libtirpc-conf                     1.3.4-r0               apk                           
libturbojpeg                      3.0.1-r0               apk                           
libunibreak                       5.1-r3                 apk                           
libunistring                      1.1-r2                 apk                           
libusb                            1.0.26-r3              apk                           
libuuid                           2.39.3-r0              apk                           
libuv                             1.47.0-r0              apk                           
libva                             2.20.0-r0              apk                           
libvdpau                          1.5-r2                 apk                           
libverto                          0.3.2-r2               apk                           
libvorbis                         1.3.7-r2               apk                           
libvpx                            1.13.1-r0              apk                           
libwebp                           1.3.2-r0               apk                           
libwebpdemux                      1.3.2-r0               apk                           
libwebpmux                        1.3.2-r0               apk                           
libx11                            1.8.7-r0               apk                           
libxau                            1.0.11-r3              apk                           
libxcb                            1.16-r0                apk                           
libxdmcp                          1.1.4-r3               apk                           
libxext                           1.3.5-r3               apk                           
libxfixes                         6.0.1-r3               apk                           
libxml2                           2.11.8-r0              apk                           
libxslt                           1.1.39-r0              apk                           
libxv                             1.0.12-r4              apk                           
libzbar                           0.23.93-r0             apk                           
libzmq                            4.3.5-r2               apk                           
lightify                          1.0.7.3                python                        
lightwave                         0.24                   python                        
lilv-libs                         0.24.22-r0             apk                           
limitlessled                      1.1.3                  python                        
linear-garage-door                0.2.9                  python                        
linode-api                        4.1.9b1                python                        
linux-pam                         1.5.3-r7               apk                           
linux-raw-sys                     0.3.7                  rust-crate                    
lmcloud                           0.4.35                 python                        
locationsharinglib                5.0.1                  python                        
log                               0.4.17                 rust-crate                    
logi-circle                       0.2.3                  python                        
loguru                            0.7.2                  python                        
lomond                            0.3.3                  python                        
london-tube-status                0.5                    python                        
loqedAPI                          2.1.10                 python                        
lru-dict                          1.3.0                  python                        
luftdaten                         0.7.4                  python                        
lupupy                            0.3.2                  python                        
lw12                              0.9.2                  python                        
lxml                              5.1.0                  python                        
mac-vendor-lookup                 0.1.12                 python                        
mariadb-connector-c               3.3.8-r0               apk                           
marshmallow                       3.21.3                 python                        
marshmallow_dataclass             8.6.1                  python                        
mashumaro                         3.13                   python                        
matrix-nio                        0.24.0                 python                        
maxcube-api                       0.4.3                  python                        
maybe-rayon                       0.1.1                  rust-crate                    
mbddns                            0.1.2                  python                        
mbedtls                           2.28.8-r0              apk                           
mcstatus                          11.1.1                 python                        
meater-python                     0.0.8                  python                        
mechanize                         0.4.10                 python                        
medcom-ble                        0.1.1                  python                        
mediafile                         0.12.0                 python                        
melnor-bluetooth                  0.0.25                 python                        
memchr                            2.5.0                  rust-crate                    
memoffset                         0.8.0                  rust-crate                    
messagebird                       1.2.0                  python                        
metar                             1.11.0                 python                        
meteoalertapi                     0.3.0                  python                        
meteocalc                         1.1.0                  python                        
meteofrance-api                   1.3.0                  python                        
mficlient                         0.3.0                  python                        
micloud                           0.5                    python                        
microBeesPy                       0.3.2                  python                        
mii-tool                          2.10-r3                apk                           
mill-local                        0.3.0                  python                        
millheater                        0.11.8                 python                        
miniaudio                         1.59                   python                        
minimal-lexical                   0.2.1                  rust-crate                    
minio                             7.1.12                 python                        
moat-ble                          0.1.1                  python                        
mock                              5.1.0                  python                        
moehlenhoff-alpha2                1.3.0                  python                        
monzopy                           1.2.0                  python                        
mopeka-iot-ble                    0.7.0                  python                        
more-itertools                    10.3.0                 python                        
motionblinds                      0.6.23                 python                        
motionblindsble                   0.0.9                  python                        
motioneye-client                  0.3.14                 python                        
mozart_api                        3.4.1.8.5              python                        
mpdecimal                         2.5.1-r2               apk                           
mpg123-libs                       1.32.3-r0              apk                           
ms-cv                             0.1.1                  python                        
msal                              1.28.1                 python                        
msal-extensions                   1.1.0                  python                        
msgpack                           1.0.8                  python                        
mt-940                            4.30.0                 python                        
mullvad-api                       1.0.0                  python                        
multidict                         6.0.5                  python                        
munch                             4.0.0                  python                        
musl                              1.2.4_git20230717-r4   apk                           
musl-utils                        1.2.4_git20230717-r4   apk                           
mutagen                           1.47.0                 python                        
mutesync                          0.0.1                  python                        
mypermobil                        0.1.8                  python                        
mypy-extensions                   1.0.0                  python                        
mysqlclient                       2.2.4                  python                        
myuplink                          0.6.0                  python                        
nad-receiver                      0.3.0                  python                        
nclib                             1.0.5                  python                        
ncurses-terminfo-base             6.4_p20231125-r0       apk                           
ndms2-client                      0.1.2                  python                        
nessclient                        1.0.0                  python                        
net-tools                         2.10-r3                apk                           
netaddr                           1.3.0                  python                        
netcat-openbsd                    1.226-r0               apk                           
netdata                           1.1.0                  python                        
netifaces                         0.11.0                 python                        
netmap                            0.7.0.2                python                        
nettigo_air_monitor               3.1.0                  python                        
nettle                            3.9.1-r0               apk                           
neurio                            0.3.1                  python                        
new_debug_unreachable             1.0.4                  rust-crate                    
nexia                             2.0.8                  python                        
nextcloudmonitor                  1.5.0                  python                        
nextcord                          2.6.0                  python                        
nextdns                           3.0.0                  python                        
nghttp2-libs                      1.58.0-r0              apk                           
nibe                              2.8.0                  python                        
niko-home-control                 0.2.1                  python                        
niluclient                        0.1.2                  python                        
nmap                              7.94-r0                apk                           
noaa-coops                        0.1.9                  python                        
nodeenv                           1.9.1                  python                        
noiseprotocol                     0.3.1                  python                        
nom                               7.1.3                  rust-crate                    
noop_proc_macro                   0.3.0                  rust-crate                    
notifications-android-tv          0.1.5                  python                        
notify-events                     1.0.4                  python                        
nsapi                             3.0.5                  python                        
nsw-fuel-api-client               1.1.0                  python                        
nuheat                            1.0.1                  python                        
num-bigint                        0.4.3                  rust-crate                    
num-derive                        0.3.3                  rust-crate                    
num-integer                       0.1.45                 rust-crate                    
num-rational                      0.4.1                  rust-crate                    
num-traits                        0.2.15                 rust-crate                    
num_cpus                          1.15.0                 rust-crate                    
numactl                           2.0.16-r4              apk                           
numato-gpio                       0.13.0                 python                        
numpy                             1.26.0                 python                        
oasatelematics                    0.3                    python                        
oauth2client                      4.1.3                  python                        
oauthlib                          3.2.2                  python                        
objgraph                          3.5.0                  python                        
odp-amsterdam                     6.0.1                  python                        
oemthermostat                     1.1.1                  python                        
ollama-hass                       0.1.7                  python                        
omnilogic                         0.4.5                  python                        
once_cell                         1.17.1                 rust-crate                    
ondilo                            0.5.0                  python                        
onevpl-libs                       2023.3.1-r2            apk                           
oniguruma                         6.9.9-r0               apk                           
onkyo-eiscp                       1.2.7                  python                        
onvif-zeep-async                  3.1.12                 python                        
open-garage                       0.2.0                  python                        
open-meteo                        0.3.1                  python                        
openai                            1.3.8                  python                        
openerz-api                       0.3.0                  python                        
openevsewifi                      1.1.2                  python                        
openhomedevice                    2.2                    python                        
opensensemap-api                  0.2.0                  python                        
openssh-client-common             9.6_p1-r0              apk                           
openssh-client-default            9.6_p1-r0              apk                           
openssh-keygen                    9.6_p1-r0              apk                           
openssl                           3.1.5-r0               apk                           
openwebifpy                       4.2.4                  python                        
openwrt-luci-rpc                  1.1.17                 python                        
openwrt-ubus-rpc                  0.0.2                  python                        
opower                            0.4.7                  python                        
opus                              1.4-r0                 apk                           
opuslib                           3.0.1                  python                        
oralb-ble                         0.17.6                 python                        
orc                               0.4.34-r0              apk                           
ordered-set                       4.1.0                  python                        
orjson                            3.9.15                 python                        
oru                               0.1.11                 python                        
orvibo                            1.1.2                  python                        
os_str_bytes                      6.5.0                  rust-crate                    
ourgroceries                      1.5.4                  python                        
outcome                           1.3.0.post0            python                        
ovoenergy                         2.0.0                  python                        
oyaml                             1.0                    python                        
p11-kit                           0.25.3-r0              apk                           
p1monitor                         3.0.0                  python                        
packaging                         24.1                   python                        
paho-mqtt                         1.6.1                  python                        
panacotta                         0.2                    python                        
panasonic-viera                   0.3.6                  python                        
pandas                            2.1.4                  python                        
paramiko                          3.3.1                  python                        
passlib                           1.7.4                  python                        
paste                             1.0.12                 rust-crate                    
path                              16.14.0                python                        
pathvalidate                      3.2.0                  python                        
pbr                               6.0.0                  python                        
pcre                              8.45-r3                apk                           
pcre2                             10.42-r2               apk                           
pdunehd                           1.3.2                  python                        
peco                              0.0.29                 python                        
pencompy                          0.0.3                  python                        
pescea                            1.0.12                 python                        
pexpect                           4.6.0                  python                        
pfzy                              0.3.4                  python                        
phone-modem                       0.1.1                  python                        
pianobar                          2022.04.01-r1          apk                           
pigpio                            1.78                   python                        
pilight                           0.1.1                  python                        
pillow                            10.3.0                 python                        
pip                               24.0                   python                        
pizzapi                           0.0.3                  python                        
pkce                              1.0.3                  python                        
platformdirs                      4.2.2                  python                        
plexauth                          0.0.6                  python                        
plexwebsocket                     0.0.14                 python                        
pluggy                            1.5.0                  python                        
plugwise                          0.37.3                 python                        
plumbum                           1.8.3                  python                        
plumlightpad                      0.0.11                 python                        
ply                               3.11                   python                        
pmsensor                          0.4                    python                        
poolsense                         0.0.8                  python                        
portalocker                       2.8.2                  python                        
pprintpp                          0.4.0                  python                        
ppv-lite86                        0.2.17                 rust-crate                    
praw                              7.5.0                  python                        
prawcore                          2.4.0                  python                        
prayer_times_calculator_offline   1.0.3                  python                        
pre-commit                        3.7.1                  python                        
pre-commit-package                dev-1                  lua-rocks                     
prettytable                       3.10.0                 python                        
proc-macro-error                  1.0.4                  rust-crate                    
proc-macro-error-attr             1.0.4                  rust-crate                    
proc-macro2                       1.0.57                 rust-crate                    
procps-ng                         4.0.4-r0               apk                           
proliphix                         0.4.1                  python                        
prometheus-client                 0.17.1                 python                        
prompt_toolkit                    3.0.47                 python                        
proto-plus                        1.23.0                 python                        
protobuf                          4.25.1                 python                        
protobuf-c                        1.4.1-r7               apk                           
proxmoxer                         2.0.1                  python                        
psutil                            5.9.8                  python                        
psutil-home-assistant             0.0.1                  python                        
psycopg2                          2.9.9                  python                        
ptyprocess                        0.7.0                  python                        
pubnub                            8.0.0                  python                        
pulseaudio-alsa                   16.1-r11               apk                           
pulsectl                          23.5.2                 python                        
pure-pcapy3                       1.0.1                  python                        
pure-python-adb                   0.3.0.dev0             python                        
pushbullet.py                     0.11.0                 python                        
pushover-complete                 1.1.1                  python                        
pvo                               2.1.1                  python                        
py-aosmith                        1.0.8                  python                        
py-canary                         0.5.3                  python                        
py-ccm15                          0.0.9                  python                        
py-cpuinfo                        9.0.0                  python                        
py-dormakaba-dkey                 1.0.5                  python                        
py-improv-ble-client              1.0.3                  python                        
py-melissa-climate                2.1.4                  python                        
py-nextbusnext                    1.0.2                  python                        
py-schluter                       0.1.7                  python                        
py-sucks                          0.9.10                 python                        
py-synologydsm-api                2.4.4                  python                        
py-vapid                          1.9.1                  python                        
py-zabbix                         1.1.7                  python                        
py17track                         2021.12.2              python                        
py3rijndael                       0.3.3                  python                        
pyAtome                           0.1.1                  python                        
pyCEC                             0.5.2                  python                        
pyControl4                        1.1.0                  python                        
pyDuotecno                        2024.5.1               python                        
pyEGPS                            0.2.5                  python                        
pyElectra                         1.2.1                  python                        
pyEmby                            1.9                    python                        
pyHik                             0.3.2                  python                        
pyOpenSSL                         24.1.0                 python                        
pyRFC3339                         1.1                    python                        
pyRFXtrx                          0.31.1                 python                        
pySDCP                            1                      python                        
pyTibber                          0.28.2                 python                        
pyW215                            0.7.0                  python                        
pyW800rf32                        0.4                    python                        
py_nightscout                     1.2.2                  python                        
pyads                             3.4.0                  python                        
pyaehw4a1                         0.3.9                  python                        
pyaes                             1.6.1                  python                        
pyaftership                       21.11.0                python                        
pyairnow                          1.2.1                  python                        
pyairvisual                       2023.8.1               python                        
pyaprilaire                       0.7.0                  python                        
pyasn1                            0.6.0                  python                        
pyasn1_modules                    0.4.0                  python                        
pyasuswrt                         0.1.21                 python                        
pyatag                            0.3.5.3                python                        
pyatmo                            8.0.3                  python                        
pyatv                             0.14.3                 python                        
pyaussiebb                        0.0.15                 python                        
pybalboa                          1.0.1                  python                        
pybbox                            0.0.5a0                python                        
pyblackbird                       0.6                    python                        
pybotvac                          0.0.25                 python                        
pybravia                          0.3.3                  python                        
pycares                           4.4.0                  python                        
pycarwings2                       2.14                   python                        
pycfdns                           3.0.0                  python                        
pychannels                        1.2.3                  python                        
pycketcasts                       1.0.1                  python                        
pycmus                            0.1.1                  python                        
pycognito                         2024.5.1               python                        
pycomfoconnect                    0.5.1                  python                        
pycoolmasternet-async             0.1.5                  python                        
pycountry                         23.12.11               python                        
pycountry-convert                 0.7.2                  python                        
pycparser                         2.22                   python                        
pycrc16                           0.1.2                  python                        
pycryptodome                      3.20.0                 python                        
pycryptodomex                     3.20.0                 python                        
pycsspeechtts                     1.0.8                  python                        
pycups                            1.9.73                 python                        
pydaikin                          2.11.1                 python                        
pydanfossair                      0.1.0                  python                        
pydantic                          1.10.15                python                        
pydeconz                          116                    python                        
pydelijn                          1.1.0                  python                        
pydexcom                          0.2.3                  python                        
pydiscovergy                      3.0.1                  python                        
pydoods                           1.0.2                  python                        
pydrawise                         2024.6.3               python                        
pydroid-ipcam                     2.0.0                  python                        
pydub                             0.25.1                 python                        
pyebox                            1.1.4                  python                        
pyecoforest                       0.4.0                  python                        
pyeconet                          0.1.22                 python                        
pyedimax                          0.2.1                  python                        
pyefergy                          22.5.0                 python                        
pyenphase                         1.20.3                 python                        
pyenvisalink                      4.7                    python                        
pyephember                        0.3.1                  python                        
pyeverlights                      0.1.0                  python                        
pyevilgenius                      2.0.0                  python                        
pyezviz                           0.2.1.2                python                        
pyfibaro                          0.7.8                  python                        
pyfido                            2.1.2                  python                        
pyfireservicerota                 0.0.43                 python                        
pyflic                            2.0.3                  python                        
pyfnip                            0.2                    python                        
pyforked-daapd                    0.1.14                 python                        
pyfreedompro                      1.1.0                  python                        
pyfritzhome                       0.6.11                 python                        
pyfttt                            0.3                    python                        
pygatt                            4.0.5                  python                        
pygtfs                            0.1.9                  python                        
pygti                             0.9.4                  python                        
pyhaversion                       22.8.0                 python                        
pyheos                            0.7.2                  python                        
pyhiveapi                         0.5.16                 python                        
pyhomematic                       0.1.77                 python                        
pyhomeworks                       0.0.6                  python                        
pyhumps                           3.8.0                  python                        
pyialarm                          2.2.0                  python                        
pyicloud                          1.0.0                  python                        
pyinsteon                         1.6.1                  python                        
pyintesishome                     1.8.0                  python                        
pyipma                            3.0.7                  python                        
pyipp                             0.16.0                 python                        
pyiqvia                           2022.4.0               python                        
pyirishrail                       0.0.2                  python                        
pyiss                             1.0.1                  python                        
pyisy                             3.1.14                 python                        
pyitachip2ir                      0.0.7                  python                        
pyjsparser                        2.7.1                  python                        
pyjvcprojector                    1.0.11                 python                        
pykaleidescape                    1.0.1                  python                        
pykira                            0.1.1                  python                        
pykmtronic                        0.3.0                  python                        
pykodi                            0.2.7                  python                        
pykoplenti                        1.2.2                  python                        
pykrakenapi                       0.1.8                  python                        
pykulersky                        0.5.2                  python                        
pykwb                             0.0.8                  python                        
pylacrosse                        0.4                    python                        
pylast                            5.1.0                  python                        
pylaunches                        2.0.0                  python                        
pylgnetcast                       0.3.9                  python                        
pylibrespot-java                  0.1.1                  python                        
pylitejet                         0.6.2                  python                        
pylitterbot                       2023.5.0               python                        
pylutron                          0.2.13                 python                        
pylutron-caseta                   0.20.0                 python                        
pymailgunner                      1.4                    python                        
pymata-express                    1.19                   python                        
pymediaroom                       0.6.5.4                python                        
pymelcloud                        2.5.9                  python                        
pymeteoclimatic                   0.1.0                  python                        
pymitv                            1.4.3                  python                        
pymochad                          0.2.0                  python                        
pymodbus                          3.6.8                  python                        
pymonoprice                       0.4                    python                        
pymsteams                         0.1.12                 python                        
pymysensors                       0.24.0                 python                        
pynetgear                         0.10.10                python                        
pynetio                           0.1.9.1                python                        
pynobo                            1.8.1                  python                        
pynuki                            1.6.3                  python                        
pynws                             1.8.1                  python                        
pynx584                           0.5                    python                        
pynzbgetapi                       0.2.0                  python                        
pyobihai                          1.4.2                  python                        
pyoctoprintapi                    0.1.12                 python                        
pyombi                            0.1.10                 python                        
pyopenuv                          2023.2.0               python                        
pyopenweathermap                  0.0.9                  python                        
pyopnsense                        0.4.0                  python                        
pyoppleio-legacy                  1.0.8                  python                        
pyosoenergyapi                    1.1.4                  python                        
pyotgw                            2.2.0                  python                        
pyotp                             2.8.0                  python                        
pyoverkiz                         1.13.11                python                        
pyownet                           0.10.0.post1           python                        
pyparsing                         3.1.2                  python                        
pypca                             0.0.7                  python                        
pypck                             0.7.17                 python                        
pypjlink2                         1.2.1                  python                        
pyplaato                          0.0.18                 python                        
pypoint                           2.3.2                  python                        
pyprof2calltree                   1.4.5                  python                        
pyprosegur                        0.0.9                  python                        
pyprusalink                       2.1.1                  python                        
pyps4-2ndscreen                   1.3.1                  python                        
pyquery                           2.0.0                  python                        
pyqvrpro                          0.52                   python                        
pyqwikswitch                      0.93                   python                        
pyrail                            0.0.3                  python                        
pyrainbird                        6.0.1                  python                        
pyrecswitch                       1.0.2                  python                        
pyrepetierng                      0.1.0                  python                        
pyrisco                           0.6.2                  python                        
pyrituals                         0.0.6                  python                        
pyroute2                          0.7.5                  python                        
pyrympro                          0.0.8                  python                        
pysabnzbd                         1.1.1                  python                        
pysaj                             0.0.16                 python                        
pyschlage                         2024.2.0               python                        
pysensibo                         1.0.36                 python                        
pyserial                          3.5                    python                        
pyserial-asyncio                  0.6                    python                        
pyserial-asyncio-fast             0.11                   python                        
pysesame2                         1.0.1                  python                        
pysiaalarm                        3.1.1                  python                        
pysignalclirestapi                0.3.23                 python                        
pyskyqhub                         0.1.4                  python                        
pysma                             0.7.3                  python                        
pysmappee                         0.2.29                 python                        
pysmartapp                        0.3.5                  python                        
pysmartthings                     0.7.8                  python                        
pysmb                             1.2.9.1                python                        
pysmi-lextudio                    1.4.3                  python                        
pysml                             0.0.12                 python                        
pysnmp-lextudio                   6.0.11                 python                        
pysnmpcrypto                      0.0.4                  python                        
pysnooz                           0.8.6                  python                        
pysoma                            0.0.12                 python                        
pyspcwebgw                        0.7.0                  python                        
pysqueezebox                      0.7.1                  python                        
pystiebeleltron                   0.0.1.dev2             python                        
pysuez                            0.2.0                  python                        
pyswitchbee                       1.8.0                  python                        
pytautulli                        23.1.1                 python                        
pytedee_async                     0.2.17                 python                        
pytest                            8.2.2                  python                        
pytest-cov                        5.0.0                  python                        
pytest-mock                       3.14.0                 python                        
pytest-rerunfailures              14.0                   python                        
pytfiac                           0.4                    python                        
pythinkingcleaner                 0.0.3                  python                        
python                            3.12.2                 binary                        
python-MotionMount                1.0.0                  python                        
python-awair                      0.2.4                  python                        
python-blockchain-api             0.0.2                  python                        
python-bsblan                     0.5.18                 python                        
python-clementine-remote          1.0.1                  python                        
python-dateutil                   2.9.0.post0            python                        
python-didl-lite                  1.4.0                  python                        
python-digitalocean               1.13.2                 python                        
python-ecobee-api                 0.2.18                 python                        
python-engineio                   3.14.2                 python                        
python-etherscan-api              0.0.3                  python                        
python-family-hub-local           0.0.2                  python                        
python-fullykiosk                 0.0.12                 python                        
python-gc100                      1.0.3a0                python                        
python-gitlab                     1.6.0                  python                        
python-homeassistant-analytics    0.6.0                  python                        
python-homewizard-energy          6.0.0                  python                        
python-hpilo                      4.4.3                  python                        
python-http-client                3.3.7                  python                        
python-izone                      1.2.9                  python                        
python-join-api                   0.0.9                  python                        
python-jose                       3.3.0                  python                        
python-juicenet                   1.1.0                  python                        
python-jwt                        4.1.0                  python                        
python-kasa                       0.6.2.1                python                        
python-magic                      0.4.27                 python                        
python-matter-server              6.1.0                  python                        
python-miio                       0.5.12                 python                        
python-mpd2                       3.1.1                  python                        
python-mystrom                    2.2.0                  python                        
python-opendata-transport         0.4.0                  python                        
python-otbr-api                   2.6.0                  python                        
python-picnic-api                 1.1.0                  python                        
python-qbittorrent                0.4.3                  python                        
python-rabbitair                  0.0.8                  python                        
python-ripple-api                 0.0.3                  python                        
python-roborock                   2.3.0                  python                        
python-slugify                    8.0.4                  python                        
python-smarttub                   0.0.36                 python                        
python-socketio                   4.6.1                  python                        
python-socks                      2.4.4                  python                        
python-songpal                    0.16.2                 python                        
python-tado                       0.17.4                 python                        
python-technove                   1.2.2                  python                        
python-telegram-bot               21.0.1                 python                        
python-vlc                        3.0.18122              python                        
python_opensky                    1.0.0                  python                        
pythonegardia                     1.0.52                 python                        
pytile                            2023.12.0              python                        
pytomorrowio                      0.3.6                  python                        
pytouchline                       0.7                    python                        
pytraccar                         2.1.1                  python                        
pytradfri                         9.0.1                  python                        
pytrafikverket                    0.3.10                 python                        
pytrydan                          0.6.1                  python                        
pytz                              2024.1                 python                        
pyudev                            0.24.1                 python                        
pyuptimerobot                     22.2.0                 python                        
pyusb                             1.2.1                  python                        
pyvera                            0.3.13                 python                        
pyversasense                      0.0.6                  python                        
pyvesync                          2.1.10                 python                        
pyvizio                           0.1.61                 python                        
pyvlx                             0.2.21                 python                        
pyvolumio                         0.1.5                  python                        
pywaze                            1.0.1                  python                        
pyweatherflowudp                  1.4.5                  python                        
pywebpush                         1.14.1                 python                        
pywemo                            1.4.0                  python                        
pywilight                         0.0.74                 python                        
pywinusb                          0.4.2                  python                        
pywizlight                        0.5.14                 python                        
pyws66i                           1.1                    python                        
pyxeoma                           1.4.1                  python                        
pyyardian                         1.1.1                  python                        
pyzbar                            0.1.7                  python                        
pyzerproc                         0.4.8                  python                        
pyzipper                          0.3.6                  python                        
qingping-ble                      0.10.0                 python                        
qnapstats                         0.4.0                  python                        
quantum-gateway                   0.0.8                  python                        
quote                             1.0.27                 rust-crate                    
radios                            0.3.1                  python                        
radiotherm                        2.1.0                  python                        
radium                            0.7.0                  rust-crate                    
raincloudy                        0.0.7                  python                        
rand                              0.8.5                  rust-crate                    
rand_chacha                       0.3.1                  rust-crate                    
rand_core                         0.6.4                  rust-crate                    
rapt-ble                          0.1.2                  python                        
raspyrfm-client                   1.2.8                  python                        
ratelimit                         2.2.1                  python                        
rav1e                             0.6.6                  rust-crate                    
rav1e-libs                        0.6.6-r2               apk                           
rayon                             1.7.0                  rust-crate                    
rayon-core                        1.11.0                 rust-crate                    
readline                          8.2.1-r2               apk                           
recurring-ical-events             2.2.1                  python                        
redis                             5.0.5                  python                        
referencing                       0.35.1                 python                        
refoss-ha                         1.2.0                  python                        
regenmaschine                     2024.3.0               python                        
regex                             2021.8.28              python                        
related-without-future            0.7.4                  python                        
renault-api                       0.2.3                  python                        
renson-endura-delta               1.7.1                  python                        
reolink_aio                       0.9.1                  python                        
repoze.lru                        0.7                    python                        
requests                          2.32.3                 python                        
requests-file                     2.1.0                  python                        
requests-futures                  1.0.1                  python                        
requests-oauthlib                 1.4.1                  python                        
requests-toolbelt                 0.10.1                 python                        
retry2                            0.9.5                  python                        
rfk101py                          0.0.1                  python                        
rflink                            0.0.66                 python                        
rich                              10.16.2                python                        
ring-doorbell                     0.8.11                 python                        
ritassist                         0.9.2                  python                        
rjpl                              0.3.6                  python                        
rocketchat-API                    0.6.1                  python                        
rokuecp                           0.19.3                 python                        
romy                              0.0.10                 python                        
roombapy                          1.8.1                  python                        
roonapi                           0.1.6                  python                        
rova                              0.4.1                  python                        
rpds-py                           0.18.1                 python                        
rpi-bad-power                     0.1.0                  python                        
rsa                               4.9                    python                        
rtsp-to-webrtc                    0.5.1                  python                        
russound                          0.1.9                  python                        
russound-rio                      1.0.0                  python                        
rust_hawktracer                   0.7.0                  rust-crate                    
rust_hawktracer_normal_macro      0.4.1                  rust-crate                    
rust_hawktracer_proc_macro        0.4.1                  rust-crate                    
rustix                            0.37.19                rust-crate                    
ruuvitag-ble                      0.1.2                  python                        
rxv                               0.7.0                  python                        
s3transfer                        0.10.1                 python                        
samsungctl                        0.7.1                  python                        
samsungtvws                       2.6.0                  python                        
sanix                             1.0.6                  python                        
satel-integra                     0.3.7                  python                        
scan_fmt                          0.2.6                  rust-crate                    
scanelf                           1.3.7-r2               apk                           
scapy                             2.5.0                  python                        
schedule                          1.2.2                  python                        
scopeguard                        1.1.0                  rust-crate                    
screenlogicpy                     0.10.0                 python                        
scsgate                           0.1.0                  python                        
sdl2                              2.28.5-r0              apk                           
securesystemslib                  1.1.0                  python                        
securetar                         2024.2.1               python                        
segno                             1.6.1                  python                        
selenium                          4.21.0                 python                        
semver                            3.0.2                  python                        
sendgrid                          6.8.2                  python                        
sense-energy                      0.12.2                 python                        
sensirion-ble                     0.1.1                  python                        
sensor-state-data                 2.18.0                 python                        
sensorpro-ble                     0.5.3                  python                        
sensorpush-ble                    1.6.2                  python                        
sentry-sdk                        1.40.3                 python                        
sepaxml                           2.6.1                  python                        
serd-libs                         0.32.0-r0              apk                           
serde                             1.0.163                rust-crate                    
serde_derive                      1.0.163                rust-crate                    
serialio                          2.4.0                  python                        
setuptools                        69.1.1                 python                        
sfrbox-api                        0.0.8                  python                        
sgmllib3k                         1.0.0                  python                        
shaderc                           2023.7-r0              apk                           
shadow                            4.14.2-r0              apk                           
sharkiq                           1.0.2                  python                        
sharp-aquos-rc                    0.3.2                  python                        
shellingham                       1.5.4                  python                        
shodan                            1.28.0                 python                        
shortuuid                         1.0.13                 python                        
signal-hook                       0.3.15                 rust-crate                    
signal-hook-registry              1.4.1                  rust-crate                    
sigstore                          1.0.0                  python                        
simd_helpers                      0.1.0                  rust-crate                    
simplehound                       0.3                    python                        
simplejson                        3.19.2                 python                        
simplepush                        2.2.3                  python                        
simplisafe-python                 2024.1.0               python                        
siobrultech-protocols             0.5.0                  python                        
sisyphus-control                  3.1.3                  python                        
six                               1.16.0                 python                        
skalibs                           2.14.0.1-r0            apk                           
slackclient                       2.5.0                  python                        
sleekxmppfs                       1.4.1                  python                        
slixmpp                           1.8.5                  python                        
smart_meter_texas                 0.5.5                  python                        
smhi-pkg                          1.0.16                 python                        
snapcast                          2.3.6                  python                        
sniffio                           1.3.1                  python                        
snitun                            0.39.1                 python                        
socat                             1.8.0.0-r0             apk                           
sockio                            0.15.0                 python                        
socksio                           1.0.0                  python                        
soco                              0.30.4                 python                        
solaredge-local                   0.2.3                  python                        
solax                             3.1.0                  python                        
somfy-mylink-synergy              1.0.6                  python                        
sonos-websocket                   0.1.3                  python                        
sord-libs                         0.16.16-r0             apk                           
sortedcontainers                  2.4.0                  python                        
soupsieve                         2.5                    python                        
soxr                              0.1.3-r7               apk                           
speak2mary                        1.4.0                  python                        
speedtest-cli                     2.1.3                  python                        
speexdsp                          1.2.1-r2               apk                           
spiderpy                          1.6.1                  python                        
spirv-tools                       1.3.261.1-r0           apk                           
spotipy                           2.23.0                 python                        
sqlite-libs                       3.44.2-r0              apk                           
sqlparse                          0.5.0                  python                        
sratom                            0.6.16-r0              apk                           
srpenergy                         1.3.6                  python                        
srptools                          1.0.1                  python                        
ssl_client                        1.36.1-r18             apk                           
starkbank-ecdsa                   2.2.0                  python                        
starline                          0.1.5                  python                        
starlingbank                      3.2                    python                        
starlink-grpc-core                1.1.3                  python                        
statsd                            3.2.1                  python                        
stdiomask                         0.0.6                  python                        
steamodd                          4.21                   python                        
stevedore                         5.2.0                  python                        
stookalert                        0.1.4                  python                        
stookwijzer                       1.3.0                  python                        
streamlabswater                   1.0.1                  python                        
stringcase                        1.2.0                  python                        
striprtf                          0.0.26                 python                        
subarulink                        0.7.11                 python                        
sunwatcher                        0.2.1                  python                        
sunweg                            2.1.1                  python                        
surepy                            0.9.0                  python                        
svg.py                            1.4.3                  python                        
swisshydrodata                    0.1.0                  python                        
switchbot_api                     2.1.0                  python                        
syn                               1.0.109                rust-crate                    
syn                               2.0.16                 rust-crate                    
synology-srm                      0.2.0                  python                        
systembridgeconnector             4.0.3                  python                        
systembridgemodels                4.0.4                  python                        
tabulate                          0.9.0                  python                        
tailer                            0.4.1                  python                        
tailscale                         0.6.0                  python                        
tank-utility                      1.5.0                  python                        
tap                               1.0.1                  rust-crate                    
tapsaff                           0.2.1                  python                        
tdb-libs                          1.4.9-r0               apk                           
tellcore-net                      0.4                    python                        
tellcore-py                       1.1.2                  python                        
tellduslive                       0.10.11                python                        
tellsticknet                      0.1.2                  python                        
temescal                          0.5                    python                        
temperusb                         1.6.1                  python                        
tempora                           5.5.1                  python                        
tenacity                          8.3.0                  python                        
termcolor                         1.2.0                  rust-crate                    
terminal_size                     0.2.6                  rust-crate                    
tesla-wall-connector              1.0.2                  python                        
tesla_fleet_api                   0.5.12                 python                        
tesla_powerwall                   0.5.2                  python                        
tessie_api                        0.0.9                  python                        
text-unidecode                    1.3                    python                        
thermobeacon-ble                  0.6.2                  python                        
thermopro-ble                     0.10.0                 python                        
thermoworks-smoke                 0.1.8                  python                        
thingspeak                        1.0.0                  python                        
thiserror                         1.0.40                 rust-crate                    
thiserror-impl                    1.0.40                 rust-crate                    
tiff                              4.6.0-r0               apk                           
tikteck                           0.4                    python                        
tilt-ble                          0.2.3                  python                        
titlecase                         2.4.1                  python                        
tmb                               0.0.4                  python                        
todoist-api-python                2.1.2                  python                        
tokenize-rt                       5.2.0                  python                        
tololib                           1.1.0                  python                        
toonapi                           0.3.0                  python                        
total_connect_client              2024.5                 python                        
tp-connected                      0.0.4                  python                        
tplink_omada_client               1.3.12                 python                        
tqdm                              4.66.4                 python                        
transitions                       0.8.11                 python                        
transmission-rpc                  7.0.3                  python                        
trio                              0.25.1                 python                        
trio-websocket                    0.11.1                 python                        
ttls                              1.5.1                  python                        
ttn_client                        1.0.0                  python                        
tuf                               5.0.0                  python                        
tuya-device-sharing-sdk           0.1.9                  python                        
twentemilieu                      2.0.1                  python                        
twilio                            6.32.0                 python                        
twitchAPI                         4.0.0                  python                        
typeguard                         4.3.0                  python                        
typer                             0.12.3                 python                        
types-python-dateutil             2.9.0.20240316         python                        
types-pytz                        2024.1.0.20240417      python                        
typing-inspect                    0.9.0                  python                        
typing_extensions                 4.12.2                 python                        
tzdata                            2024.1                 python                        
tzdata                            2024a-r0               apk                           
tzlocal                           5.2                    python                        
uModbus                           1.0.4                  python                        
uart-devices                      0.1.0                  python                        
uasiren                           0.0.1                  python                        
uiprotect                         0.4.1                  python                        
ulid-transform                    0.9.0                  python                        
ultraheat-api                     0.5.7                  python                        
unasync                           0.6.0                  python                        
unicode-ident                     1.0.8                  rust-crate                    
unicode-width                     0.1.10                 rust-crate                    
unicode_rbnf                      1.1.0                  python                        
unifi-ap                          0.0.1                  python                        
unifi-discovery                   1.1.8                  python                        
unifiled                          0.11                   python                        
universal-silabs-flasher          0.0.20                 python                        
unpaddedbase64                    2.1.0                  python                        
untangle                          1.2.1                  python                        
uonet-request-signer-hebe         0.1.1                  python                        
upb-lib                           0.5.6                  python                        
upcloud-api                       2.5.1                  python                        
update-checker                    0.18.0                 python                        
uplink                            0.9.7                  python                        
uplink-protobuf                   0.1.0                  python                        
uritemplate                       4.1.1                  python                        
url-normalize                     1.4.3                  python                        
urllib3                           1.26.18                python                        
usb-devices                       0.4.5                  python                        
utmps-libs                        0.1.2.2-r0             apk                           
uvcclient                         0.11.0                 python                        
v4l-utils-libs                    1.24.1-r1              apk                           
v_frame                           0.3.3                  rust-crate                    
vacuum-map-parser-base            0.1.3                  python                        
vacuum-map-parser-roborock        0.1.2                  python                        
validators                        0.28.3                 python                        
vallox_websocket_api              5.1.1                  python                        
vehicle                           2.2.1                  python                        
velbus-aio                        2024.5.1               python                        
venstarcolortouch                 0.19                   python                        
vidstab                           1.1.1-r0               apk                           
vilfo-api-client                  0.5.0                  python                        
vincenty                          0.1.4                  python                        
virtualenv                        20.26.2                python                        
vobject                           0.9.7                  python                        
voip-utils                        0.1.0                  python                        
vol                               0.1.1                  python                        
volkszaehler                      0.4.0                  python                        
voluptuous                        0.13.1                 python                        
voluptuous-openapi                0.0.4                  python                        
voluptuous-serialize              2.6.0                  python                        
volvooncall                       0.10.3                 python                        
vsure                             2.6.6                  python                        
vtjp                              0.2.1                  python                        
vulcan-api                        2.3.2                  python                        
vulkan-loader                     1.3.261.1-r0           apk                           
vultr                             0.1.2                  python                        
wakeonlan                         2.1.0                  python                        
wallbox                           0.6.0                  python                        
warrant-lite                      1.0.4                  python                        
watchdog                          2.3.1                  python                        
waterfurnace                      1.1.0                  python                        
wayland-libs-client               1.22.0-r4              apk                           
wcwidth                           0.2.13                 python                        
weatherflow4py                    0.2.20                 python                        
webcolors                         24.6.0                 python                        
webencodings                      0.5.1                  python                        
webmin-xmlrpc                     0.0.2                  python                        
webrtc-noise-gain                 1.2.3                  python                        
websocket-client                  1.8.0                  python                        
websockets                        12.0                   python                        
wheel                             0.42.0                 python                        
whirlpool_sixth_sense             0.18.8                 python                        
whois                             0.9.27                 python                        
wiffi                             1.1.2                  python                        
wirelesstagpy                     0.8.1                  python                        
wled                              0.18.0                 python                        
wolf_comm                         0.0.8                  python                        
wrapt                             1.16.0                 python                        
wsproto                           1.2.0                  python                        
wyoming                           1.5.4                  python                        
wyz                               0.5.1                  rust-crate                    
x-wr-timezone                     0.0.7                  python                        
x264-libs                         0.164_git20231001-r0   apk                           
x265-libs                         3.5-r4                 apk                           
xbox-webapi                       2.0.11                 python                        
xiaomi-ble                        0.28.0                 python                        
xknx                              2.12.2                 python                        
xknxproject                       3.7.1                  python                        
xmlschema                         3.3.1                  python                        
xmltodict                         0.13.0                 python                        
xs1-api-client                    3.0.0                  python                        
xvidcore                          1.3.7-r2               apk                           
xz                                5.4.5-r0               apk                           
xz-libs                           5.4.5-r0               apk                           
y4m                               0.8.0                  rust-crate                    
yagrc                             1.1.2                  python                        
yalesmartalarmclient              0.3.9                  python                        
yalexs                            3.1.0                  python                        
yalexs-ble                        2.4.2                  python                        
yarl                              1.9.4                  python                        
yeelight                          0.7.14                 python                        
yeelightsunflower                 0.0.10                 python                        
yolink-api                        0.4.4                  python                        
youless_api                       1.1.1                  python                        
youtubeaio                        1.1.5                  python                        
yt-dlp                            2024.5.27              python                        
zamg                              0.3.6                  python                        
zeep                              4.2.1                  python                        
zengge                            0.2                    python                        
zeroconf                          0.132.2                python                        
zeversolar                        0.3.1                  python                        
zha-quirks                        0.0.116                python                        
zhong-hong-hvac                   1.0.12                 python                        
ziggo-mediabox-xl                 1.1.0                  python                        
zigpy                             0.64.0                 python                        
zigpy-deconz                      0.23.1                 python                        
zigpy-xbee                        0.20.1                 python                        
zigpy-zigate                      0.12.0                 python                        
zigpy-znp                         0.12.1                 python                        
zimg                              3.0.5-r2               apk                           
zix-libs                          0.4.2-r0               apk                           
zlib                              1.3.1-r0               apk                           
zm-py                             0.5.4                  python                        
zope.interface                    6.4.post2              python                        
zstd-libs                         1.5.5-r8               apk                           
zwave-js-server-python            0.56.0                 python                        
zwave-me-ws                       0.4.3                  python                        
